

LProcessing:
	Could a 'Language of Love' be invention?  Not even just handing someone a gadget but 'here is a novel idea you made me think of'

	L brings up her relationship with her mom, at a zoomed out level, relatively frequently.  LM moved to CO and was successful, L followed, then LM moved back to NC

	Does L feel comfortable talking about sex, or are there unpleasant aspects. 

	No hobbies mismatches with Designing Sims houses and Travel. 

	I need the ability to walk back a minor negative connotation to neutral.

	Dates:
		Trail Ridge Road
			Denver Botanical Gardens
		Cherry Creek State Park
		Wild Animal Sanctuary
		https://www.denverfilm.org/programs/film-on-the-rocks/

	Part of processing is trying to reconcile that I could be so lucky.  It isn't conceive all of it at the same time.  

	L wants to try Meditation?

	Tulips, flowers, bath bombs - check that flowers won't hurt pets

	Alarming:  'What if I didn't let you?' An innocuous, playful question in response probably to something I said like, 'I need to go.'

	L asked about no alcohol - suggests the discussion about relationship ending feeling nulls on my part was not communicated or retained well enough to justify, since no alcohol is a plan to remove a possible cause.

	Think I converted serotonin into productivity then collapsed

	Proposal:  Overt check-ins on some kind of schedule/increasing function of time interval

	Proposal:  Worry loops are easy to get stuck in.  We ought to be able to trust each other to know when a worry is out of proportion with the thing getting worried about.  

	Couple therapy at 6mo

	L with no filter on feels like she's fitting in with a culture that doens't exist

	L's views on sex are correct

	Understand where money views come from, but my version of that has been diminishing 


	L's straightforwardness regarding sex and communication are necessary for me to even have crappy sex, so the existence of sex that is 1/1 DiscoBiscuit frankly hadn't entered my mind before.  This seems to me an example of her understanding of herself emotionally as being better than my ability, more nuanced and intelligent.  

	That L's reaction to having to go one month without intercourse was to think in terms of 'my sexual needs' is unexpected to the point of shocking.  I don't think of myself as something that has sexual needs.  I don't know how to attach sex as like a property related to myself.  I wonder if this is like L's null relation between music and her identity.  Quirk or consequence, I'm not sure it matters.  That someone would see an impending bit of chastity as a large swell to react to, and then think to include me in that sexual timeline navigation.  This evidenced by L's desire to shore up the capacity for me to achieve orgasm in some other way than proper intercourse way ahead of time.  The far-sightedness makes me think she's visualizing the sexual part of her life, and the entities in it way more vividly, with more accurate predictive ability and with more strategic insight.  It impresses me.  

	She self describes this sexual openness as 'perversion'.  I don't think that is meant to be completely ironic or serious.  Whether or not the ability to plainly express, 'I like sex, my case is that it feels good and I like it.  I'm being an adult about associated responsilities.  The defense rests.', expresses a sense of self identity, and powerful introspection into a sector I really don't pay attention to.  And according to my cosmology, an expression like this demonstrates volition directly, and also in a way that safeguards my own volition can't be a perversion.  

	But I also know how to think of such direct sexual communication as deviant.  It got baked in early, and regardless of what I think that bullshit Puritanical shame crap makes me anxious.  

	L keeps reacting to things I intend to be positive as indications that I'm about to drop bad relationship news on her.  Miscommunication like this, though recognized quickly, is still harmful in the moment.  I'll have to restructure the grammar of how I say things to be less ambiguous.  See Pinker's Style Guide. 

	L sees sexual events and a whole timeline in a high enough fidelity that events are like statements.  I'm not even communicating on that channel at all, much less miscommunicating.  When L isn't in a position to have intercourse I don't orgasm, and this frustrates her.  To Do: Reassure that this backing off other sexual activity isn't about 

	But really being able to share those things with her is what allows me to be comfortable enough to cut through most of the Puriticanal sexual shamefulness and other trauma.  When she can't participate as fully as she wants to I get very anxious, like that I am being selfious in even accepting what she apparently wants to give.  


	Erotic joke:  What is D's favorite sex thing?  Setting the mood with my sitar music.

	Erotic description:  What's D's favorite sex thing?  There is this possibility when I am cumming in you.  If you are cumming at the same time, your vagina can start pulsing in waves.  I feel these pulses from the base up, same direction as my own pulses of cum.  Your waves squeeze down, clamping down hard enough my cum can't get by.  But you keep sending more squeeze waves that push it the rest of the way at your own speed.  The whole thing takes less than a second but right at that moment one second seems to take forever.  It seems you've found a way to get one last tease in there at the finish line.  


	L brought up seeing new job as an opportunity: leverage ignorance of the background setting (insurance) to see the app with the same fresh eyes as a new user.  I think this insight is 

	July 4
	Funny date on balcony of Building B, including incoherent truck conversation, 'pools back on! pools back on!' to let the boys know that the prior congregartion of hooligans around the pool which we guess had been cut short by the pool 'closing' which I suppose means a stern voice and a pad lock.  Well whatever the barrier was it wasn't anymore so the pool hooligan party, the ford-vs-chevy-vs-muscle-car debate also we had a three-or-something-year-old comprehend her mother shouting to a particular hooligan, Justin, five stories down at the pool, to bring her mother a shot.  You could tell the little girl understood because she waited for Justin's confirmation that her mother would be getting a shot, and lacking a quick confirmation started screaming, asking why her mother wasn't going to get a shot in a broken grammar appropriate her age.  

	Later we were talking and you asked why I was crying.  You comforted me and worried it was something you had said.  I worked backwards through what I'd throught about going backwards.  You asked two ways if it was something you had said.  I was motivated to have the correct answer because I didn't want to let you think anything was your fault.  So I thought back until the crying increased and it was a BBC article I had read between you going home and coming back to try at a picnic.  The article was about how such a large percentage of people were thinking of quitting or switching careers.  It caught my eye because Tuesday I have a job interview with a good sounding fit for me.  The first such career switcher was a former school teacher who had been quoted as claiming the lockdown of the pandemic, and the way everything had reacted the way that it did, communicated to her that ther career was fixated on the incorrect things.  It was about money and politics, not kids or learning, so she quit to go do some passion of hers.  She also said she felt very guilty about having left the children.  Very directly.  I envied her ability to understand something hurting her so quickly, only six months after taking this particular action we share.  

	The article had hit me and I had stopped reading it not really comprehending how.  Then we had our date and something we talked about, probably my students, made me think of her guilt from abandoning her students.  Eventually I think I shared this to you.  But the figuring it out took time.  And you were very patient and kind.  

	Dates: Star Gazing, Picnic, paddleboard

Inventions:
	Gwift:Instead of a gift where someone inserts a surprise object into your life, a gwift is when someone demands you insert a surprise object into your life.

	Purposeful Individual Cultural Appropriation.  Why not any given person learn of some cultural doing of any culture of any place in the world, and respectfully adopt it, including an honest and overt reference to the original culture.  In the spirit of, 'Hey, I think this is a really great cultural tradition from X, so I've adopted it even though I'm not claiming to be part of X?'  

	UnEthical AdBlocker: Only blocks those ads demonstrably linked to/in support of/direct causer of unethical practices.  Build a hierarchy of categories of unethical practices.  Keep a master list of companies to block.  Many ways to allow customization.

	Word Loops:  In game form:  Try to find Sets of concepts where each can be identified by a combination of the other concepts.  
		Ex?  DIdn't write it down fast enough!

	Get keyboard with braille on the letters.


Story Ideas:
	The Prop.  Prelude to Tomorrow.

		Setting: the writer's room, fx team studio, half made set, inside of mega tech corp Amazon knockoff where the Lord wants to 

		A few short stories, each picking up where the other left off, following a different but unstated POV of six characters, a team, brought together by kafkaesque smushing of delegated work, technically not coworkers due to their being parts of different vendor companies but brought together in physical proximity by virtue of those vendors having been bought out by the tech giant looking to spawn a new streaming platform, looking to turn a beloved and classic sci fi series (Foundation) into a flagship streaming tv series by throwing money at it. The collective goal of the specific characters focused on is The Prop, a visual representation of the series' premise technology, Socio-Histiographie, a table width column of holographic display, with abstract entities and relationships represented via swirling turbuluent points of color and fragmentary relationship stripes, projecting upwards into the future predictions of large scale human events.  

		A tech sees the visualization, recognizes time is flowing downwards, the future upward, and that the same Lord that commissioned the series also commisioned a manned mission to mars with novel rocket making techniques.  The tech takes the prop and uses it to make a point, that this goal of Mars is pointless given the shape of things.  These spirals of semipredictable turbulence come to an abrupt end if just one of these orbiting asteroids happens to veer into our trajectory.  There is no hope of human life outside Earth, not self subsisting, so there are two objectively high priority physical goals:  gain the ability to change asteroids' trajectories predictably in order to have a response ready once we spot the one with our name on it.  (Represented visually in The Prop, all the socio effects blast forward in a time a bit from the point we discover The Name of the Rose, and end quickly on impact.  )  The Lord sees the representation of astronomical distaster and is, accepting, but indifferent to the real consequences.  Writers scribble the conversation hastily, hoping to add it to an upcoming episode.

		Second tech observation:  If you favor the interesting, novel patterns, you require an atmosphere that supports imagination, creativity, and diversity, as most of The Props channels are really focused on mental abstractions which people have invented and are effected by.  

		Checkout writing/speaking styles and outlooks of Feynman, Borges, Eco, Russell, Vonnegut, to see if they should be cribbed from for outlooks on events.  

		Inspect how different people with different outlooks observe, interpret, and react to The Prop.  Where someone sees investment opportunity someone else might react as a new astronaut looking down at the Earth.  

		What is the level of focus, scale-wise, of your cosmology?  Apartment big, city big, regional, national, etc.?  The takeaways and transformations ought to be different in some ways and similar in others.  Vonnegut is worth representing due to The Sirens of Titan, and probably other works where it is clear he is pulling the audiences' attention to a larger scale of good reasons.  

		Theme different types of media used to make a point.  From slideshow, fictional storytelling (The Borgesian sentence.), 3D animation in hologram form. 

		Video game form: narrative driven by the six characters, gameplay is the player gets to decide who reacts next in the conversation, and that character reacts as their character ought, and so the player is driving the conversation by choosing who speaks.  




Observations:
	Writing (long/med form) is a completely different way of communicating.  Distinct from verbal communication because typically real people in real life speak in garbled blobs of mostly metaphors
	UI should be about helping people navigate abstraction.

	Is there any issue with having our News be so Live?  Think Newspapers as the timeliest delivery method, you read of a horrible catastrophe, but it happenED yesterday, in the past.  Maybe softens the blow just a little.

	I think it best not to judge people by my own standards.  I wouldn't want them judging me by their own stupid fucking standards.

	An appeal to books is that they were the drug of choice for a certain kind of person whose empathy was driven more by analysis than sensation.  As technology progressed and stories shifted from the novel to the movie and television show, the audiences' imagination is no longer a muscle required to be flexed for pure escapism.  The storytelling evolution supported by tech changes and social trends makes 


LookIntos:
	Delite: 
		A comprehensive APP that brings all the input from different messaging/social platforms into one place, presented plainly, without ads, without feeds, as a searchable, navigable, that distinguishes between messages'/platforms' inherent permutations of ways of communicating:
			one-to-one
			broadcast
			one-off
			(response?)
			(thread?)
			

	"If you went back" what would you need to know to really impress people, in terms of technological progress?

	Look into difficulty setting up personal Google Wave alternative as relationship communication tool.
		Annoying:  Kune and Apache Wave are the open alternatives, kinda abandoned?
		Maybe just reinvent by searching for node projects to do shared doc editing
	[Could you build an app to visualize] a timeline of generating ideas out of ideas as this doc has now meta'd into being?

	Describe cosmology from pov of the entity the sun grows into, looking back at a pattern formed by the radiations of its egg.  The patterns persist in only a few dimensions, so we filter out all but these three.  
	I don't see any pattern.
	Try to focus these dimensions, each with these cardinatilities, and aligned so.
	Oh.
	Right?
	Like...
	I call it Ordered Chaos.
	Those are mutually exclusive concepts.
	<Nods at the patterns>
	Or I suppose maybe not.  How are patterns this complex supported on so few dimensions?  And to have them all restricted in cardinality as well.  Seems trivially deterministic.
	An artificial dimension created out of recursion.
	What?
	Look, look at the patterns, then look at these, reducing your focus by a factor of 1,000.  
	Similar, but distinct patterns.  The second patterns appear to have picked up discrepancies from the supporting platform structures varying from the initial patterns platform.
	Yes, and if you progress your observation, strictly in this direction, you can see that patterns in one structure are linked to the causes on other structures, but always repeating
	A consequence of restricting all dimensions cardinality is that effectively all events become objectively sequential, ordered.
	Oh.
	Right.
	So definitely, trivially deterministic.
	Perhaps.
	Perhaps?
	Some of the patterns pass all tests for Conception.
	Unbelievable.
	There is a rigerously defined, 1to1 transformation of a subset of the these patterns that corresponds to clear abstraction.  
	Including abstraction of abstraction?
	Yes, definitively, but not with complete rigor.
	How incomplete?
	That is challenging to say.
	How can you have a 1to1 transformation and not be able to measure inaccurate mappings?
	The problem isn't the transformation, its in how the abstractions are reproduce, spreading from host pattern to host pattern.  The suffer too many transformations of structure.
	Here?
	No that is largely in a one-way transformation, the ubiquitious form is here.
	Oh, I see, that is an extreme reduction in semaphore bandwidth.
	Yes, it varies from sample to sample, but the variations form larger regions that together create a kind of dappled beauty.
	Order from Chaos.
	Indeed.  


	Are there other communities like GWJ where in the past decade a whole sector of it fell off with the hyper fascifications of the American conservative world?  Is there already analysis of the public web forums evolving over time?

	With the invention of fuzzy AI looking crap that will quickly be able to generate plausible long running personalities based on real life input, there is a discrepancy between how this can create good vs bad consequences:  The ability to generate custom human histories, akin to Dwarf Fortress dwarfs, with variation in motivation, tone, semantical style, engagement frequency, etc., whole communities be generated 



	Why Radical Truth?
	Why Humility?
	To combat biases inherent in humans.
		Are these biases more than plausible?
		Yes, they tend to categorize into larger blindnesses, like the Framing Effect, and often have a motivation of perceiving one self has having more power or security in a social context.
	What is the source of the biases?
		Plausible answer:  Brains have built in representations of certain functions, like Natural Log, but not others, like sigmoids.  So some concepts get misrepresented in ways that work fine in the short term, but terribly in the long terms, with no way to draw an unarbitrary line to divide them.
		
		Framing works because when we compare justify value, we're actually comparing ratios without acknowledging it.  It's an automatica, first-derivative kind of observation.  A second derivate, the ratio of ratios, makes the Framing more obvious, and therefore ineffective.  Oddly enough, the 'zeroeth' derivative in this case would be the ratio of the quantity of goods/money or money/goods

	Could we develop the equivalent of the intuative mental functions, for those that are missing but common in real life applications (including sociological behavior)?

	Does flipping the ratio in value determinations prime differing perceptions of worth? (price?)

	limn: to add illustration (in the sense of gold leaf art in old books) / explanation


StartThinkings:
	Let's [write a TV Show].  
	[Get High/Sober][Get Recordable/NonRecorble][Review in another/same state]
	[Then what?]
	What can't robots do?
	Pick two abstract concepts and mash them together to start generating ideas.  List their properties, find the union
	

AnalysisTechniques:	
	Find intuition pumps pattern:  Look backwards and the last good ideas you had, ask how you generated them, and just take note or repeat it if it is repeateable.  
	Cool, what kind of TV Show, like what genre  [Socratic Method]
	Well sometimes math helps us figure things out, [how would mathematician think through the problem].  Not necessarily number math, but more like graphs and stuff, math in the broader sense?
	[Abstract it].  
	[What's that mean?]
	[Isolate all the properties related to the subject at hand, then wiggle some and see what you get].
	What's the subject?  
	[Make a Game]
	[Make a Game out of []]
	Think of [GWJ as a platform] and how such a medium sized community of generally thoughtful and positive people can apply to [Big Deck]
	Change scale.
	[How?]
	[How do you answer how?]
	[What's a silly way to do that?]
	[Pay attention to the song stuck in your head and] 
	[How do you] [get properties of concepts] to [traverse abstraction]?
	[Build and app to] generate a visual 3D topology of concepts where you can mix and match a net of related concepts, where you get to set different properties to different [special variables]/properties
	[[After having a good idea], ask yourself, [could this have been an Aesop Fable], with an illustration.  ]
	Traverse Abstraction by [Citing examples].
	To [traverse abstract] up [Make a 3D graph of a set of concepts sharing properties to see patterns].
	How would this look as an app?
	Ideas or games?  Anything that seems like a Shower Thought or a Good Idea or an Invention can probably be [turned into a game], if you allow for [concepts as a game mechanic].  
	[Allowing abstraction level flow in any dicrection, and just following the train of thought] helps [generate ideas], buts [its unpredictable, so write it down].  
	Make heuristics to make heuristics is a way to start generating new ideas].
	Ask why you'd [use a certain combination of generating patterns]
	[Name/FindName] of [bracketed concepts].
	Try [Navigating Abstraction], which is 
	Take two words, decided that's gonna be a Product/Story/Thing, determine properties after
	Sort abstraction when you have a new idea by either writing above/below the current thought, as you go. Possible weakness is that you'll forget to keep applying this heuristic as you go.  (might not work? abstraction may not be a single dimension/spectra)
	Go up the list and see how one idea flowed from the other, mix the properties up, fix some, wiggle others, see what you get, throw out a lot.
	How to [ purposefully traverse abstraction severity]?  Ask question:  'What are the properties of this?  Find a recent set of properties and ask 'what does this consist of'.

Let's make a thought technology: (Purposefully try to switch thing generating patterns in [] and abstraction in () ).  In other words find the patterns we used to generate ideas, kinda randomly swap out properties and patterns just to see what nonsense gets generated.  Eval that nonsense for sense.



See, that's it, you're trying to isolate the property that is 'subject', totally fine way to go about it.  In this case I think the subject would be 

Writing (TV/Fiction/Serializable) Ideas
	Why not pick a particular property of storytelling, fix it, and wiggle every other property until something pops out, a novel combination of properties.  Possible properties being:  Medium, Serializability, Market, Cast, Theme, Plot, Tone, Realism, Duration. Make a matrix of all of it, and anywhere there isn't a name for that, try it.    

	Hell investigating the vast range of possibilities could itself be a card game.  Put every possible property you can think of on a card as a word, and shuffle the deck.  Pull as many cards as you feel 

	Genre of card game:  Big Deck
	Put a catalog properties that already belong to a genre or grouping of things, shuffle, somehow go around 

	How do you get the list of properties to put on the cards?
		Start with a good concepts, nice and complex, you can just glance at it and see that it's gonna have lots of properties and examples, like 'StoryTelling'

	Learning heuristic:  Whenever you feel a particular genrating pattern, take that pattern and apply it back wards until 

	Rules
	[Play out the [Community][Big Deck game in real time on GWJ forum (with Ameobic permission) called 'Ambiguity The  Concept Game: Season1 - Storytelling (0/100)']
	Name: Ambiguity
	Subject: Storytelling
	Rules: Imagine a deck of all conceivable properties of subject Storytelling, face down.  Players opt into playing the game by selecting at least 3 cards.  The first player may not take all the cards, but every subsequent player may select the entire rest of the deck.  (The first player to opt into a Subject may not select all the properties, because a correct answer would be 'Storytelling')

	When a player gets their chosen quantity of cards, their goal is to think of an example or name of the combination of those concepts.  

	For example: 

	Success gives the player the cards/properties.  

	Failure puts the cards back into the deck, which is then shuffled.

	A player may play again, whether they succeed or not, but not the same player twice in a row.

	Anyone m ay opt into a pre existing game by asking for X number of cards.
	Anyone may opt into a pre existing game by suggesting properties.  Suggested properties are assessed by the originator, and if found novel and accurate (The Subject Originator missed one!) it gets added to the remaining deck, which is shuffled.

	The game is over when there are no more cards/properties, and all active players who have asked for their cards have received them.

	Players are receive cards in the order they requested them.  

	Subject Originator QnA:
		Are there many properties of this potential subject?
		Are there many examples of this potential subject?
		How do you generate the starting seed of properties, and how big should it be?  
			Subject Originator gets to choose the 'size' of the Subject.  Presumably 'small' subjects would have short season
		How do you judge a submitted example/name?  I'd say charitably.  If a player submits W to represent XYZ, and sure enough W has properties XYZ, but maybe not comprehensively (W also has crucial properties A,B and S, I say they get the cards.)

	Make the app/game in svelte that let's you play the [Big Deck] game focused on [Storytelling]:  Find the list of properties that you could tweak and still have a Story:
		Duration of telling
			Indefinite
			Serial
			Episodic
			One-off

		Evolving
		Static, Never Changing
		
		Recurring Cast of characters

		Medium (can you do individual medium instances?  they're already kind of combos of subparts like Stage, Page)
			Novel
			Movie
			Play
			Music
			Dance
			Oral (joke)
			Short Story
			Epic
			Comic
			Painting

		Adjective
			Epic

		Focus
			Focused on Activity
			Focused on Community
			Focused on Conflict
			Focused 
			Has Central Character
			Has No Central Character

		Setting
			Period Piece
			Modern


		Conflict
			Has Conflict
			Doesn't have Conflict (passive?)

		Real or Not
			Fiction, Nonfiction

		Tone
			Somber
			Morose
			Hopeful
			Cheesy
			Sappy
			Serious
			Joyful

		Genre
			Horror
			Comedy
			Tragedy
			Romance
			Adventure
			Mystery
				Murder
			Thriller
			Biography
			SciFi
			Fantasy

	'Ambiguous' Q: Are some properties mutually exclusive? Get examples, try to figure out how to deal with it.