For The Psyche

Goal: 
	Less Misanthropy
	Less Apocalyptic Thinking

	Confidence identifying emotions, causes
	

Properties:  
	Face Blindness


Tasks:
	DONE Check med codes from Insurance Accolade(phone 833 536 6423, ext6728 for Maria) 
		90832	
		90834
		Monica was called 

	Get med info from Mom

	Build timeline

	Note instances where my reaction was insufficient, delayed, or regreted:



Problems:
	Missed 2nd Appt May 10th
		No reason, looked forward to it.  Just didn't go and realized later.  
		Factors:
			Coming off 2nd Dose flu.
			Thoughtjams, can't finish one thought before the next on butts in.

	Did I break my brain by way of too much isolation?  After conversing with people now I definitely feel like I spontaneously recall something they said days later, but now fully understood well enough to have a continuing thought.  But that conversation was days in the past.  I feel stupid.

	I've recently entered into a relationship, pretty much in 1 to 1 correspondence with beginning therapy.  In problem solving it makes more sense to change only one variable at a time.  That way if your change fixes things, you'll have an idea of what the problem was, or at the least a bare see-this-do-that solution.  

	

	Before Covid I had an experience I could treat as a like a totem memory of Empathy.  Like right before.  I had decided to use that to navigate a more serious inspection of emotional competence.  A week later I saw my sister after a long time without seeing her.  Extreme emotional reaction, confusing and distressing but I tried to pay attention.  The extremeness of it all seemed itself distracting enough that, positive or negative, it was far more bearable to look away.  For a few weeks I tried to keep paying attention, trying to tie a feeling to a more synasthetic representation.  Most of those have faded, but the original Empathy memory is still present.  I can compare an experience or impression to it to compare, to determine if what I'm feeling is first person or third.  

	Before this the concepts of 'subject' and 'object' had no meaning to me.  

